Added docs for numbers in jsescOption in babel-generator (#2172)
babel/website: docs/generator.md

concise                | boolean  | `false`         | Set to `true` to reduce whitespace (but not as much as `opts.compact`)
filename               | string   |                 | Used in warning messages
jsonCompatibleStrings  | boolean  | `false`         | Set to true to run `jsesc` with "json": true to print "\u00A9" vs. "©";

> numbers                | string   | `decimal`       | Set `numbers: octal` in `jsescOption` to get the octal integer representation of any numeric value. Other supported options are `decimal, binary` and `hexadecimal`.

Reviewer: I think we should document `jsescOption` instead as this table is for the top level generator options. We can link to https://github.com/mathiasbynens/jsesc#api for the shape of `jsescOption`.

Author: Made the changes. PTAL.

> jsescOption            | string   |                 | Given some data, jsesc returns an ASCII-safe stringified representation of that data. Refer https://github.com/mathiasbynens/jsesc#api for the shape of `jsescOption` and more details.

Reviewer 2: I think it's important to describe `jsescOption` within the context of @babel/generator, maybe something like:
 
```suggestion
jsescOption            | string   |                 | We leverage `jsesc` for getting ASCII-safe output when stringif-ying values. You can customize `jsesc` by [passing options](https://github.com/mathiasbynens/jsesc#api) to it.
```

?

Author: @existentialism Made the changes as suggested. PTAL. Thanks :)

concise                | boolean  | `false`         | Set to `true` to reduce whitespace (but not as much as `opts.compact`)
filename               | string   |                 | Used in warning messages
jsonCompatibleStrings  | boolean  | `false`         | Set to true to run `jsesc` with "json": true to print "\u00A9" vs. "©";

> jsescOption            | string   |                 | Given some data, jsesc returns an ASCII-safe stringified representation of that data. Refer https://github.com/mathiasbynens/jsesc#api for the shape of `jsesOption` and more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
jsescOption            | object   |                 | Use `jsesc` to process literals. Refer https://github.com/mathiasbynens/jsesc#api for the shape of `jsesOption` and more details.
```

Reviewer 2: @JLHwung seems like your comment is out of date?

Also, your suggestion could be misread as "_if_ you pass an object, we'll use `jsesc` to process literals".

@sidntrivedi012 he's right re: string -> object though, we should make that change.

Reviewer: @existentialism We use `jsesc` unconditionally on string literals if `jsescOption` presents, unlike numeric literals which is applied only when `jsesecOption.number` presents.

Reviewer 2: > Use `jsesc` to process literals.

I was merely pointing out that the above statement could be read as if we only do it if you pass options, which isn't true?

Author: @existentialism @JLHwung Sorry for the delay in making changes. PTAL. Thanks :)

Author: @existentialism @JLHwung Sorry for the delay in making changes. PTAL. Thanks :)
